Which group members are responsible for what?
Jason Reed - Frontend
Jared Park - Backend, GitHub
Jeremy Jackson - Frontend/Backend

Description of project:
Our group will be working on the Bright Ideas wireframe for our project.
This project involves the following:
1. A login/registration form with backend validations
2. A home page, a user is redirected to, upon successful login/registration
that displays all posts, available on the website.
From here, they can perform the following:
	a. Create a new project post for others to collaborate on
	b. View other user profiles, via a redirect to another react route
	c. Like a post, incrementing the likes counter next to each post
	d. Check the status of each project's likes and who liked it, (containing redirect info)
	e. delete a post, created by the logged in user
3. A Like Status page, that can be accessed from the home page, 
This page displays the post in question, and a table with all users that liked the post, 
In addition, links for switching back to the home page and logging out the user are also included.
4. A user profile, displaying user's information, created in registration, the total numbers of posts they created and liked.

Github link for project: 

https://github.com/jtp0330/brightIdeas

Will you have a gitignore? 
Yes, it will be used to filter out MERN dependencies (node_mdoules)


How will you implement full CRUD?
We will implement the full CRUD using, MERN stack.
The frontend will be coded in React JS, sending API requests to the backend,
developed in Express.js. Express.js will have function to handle CRUD operations, thus
sending specific requests to the MongoDB database.


What are your validations for create and update?

User:
	Name - name should not be empty
	Alias - alias should not be empty
	Email - email should not be empty and match an proper email format
	Password - password should not be empty and should be anywhere between 10-16 characters
	Confirm Password - confirm password should not be empty and should match the value in the password field

Post:
	post_name - the post_name should not be empty
	liked_users - liked_users should be a list of users that are registered in our MongoDB database


What are your stretch goals if any?
	1. Incorporate Bootstrap
	2. Add protected routes to our application (should redirect 
	our application to the login page, if not successfully authenticated)


Please include a copy (image or hyperlink) for your wireframe.
